> # Version svn.r152
> - - -
> * NEW: SringBoard tab; can now access SpringBoard from any application.
>    * Note that the tab bar will only partially hide so that both dock icons and tab can be accessed.
>    * Icon editing (moving/deleting) are not supported due to technical limitations.
>    * Like all other tabs, if Backgrounder is installed, the current application will be backgrounded upon switching to another app.
>    * The tab allows for the use of a custom background image: /Applications/Kirikae.app/springboard_background.png
>       * If the image is not present, the background will be black.
>       * This is done to differentiate the Kirikae SpringBoard tab from normal SpringBoard.
>       * The dock image is not themeable.
> * FIX: Always show the statusbar while Kirikae is active.
> * FIX: Fixed Spotbright support in Spotlight tab.
> * MOD: Changed titles used for tabbar buttons (all English, sorry).

- - -

> # Version svn.r133
> - - -
> * NEW: Added "Use Large Rows" option; disable for new, smaller rows.
>    * Note that when using smaller rows, badges are enlarged to increase legibility.
> * NEW: Added "Use Themed Icons" option; disabling will prevent use of WinterBoard-themed icons.
>    * This is especially useful for those using themes with unusual-sized icons.
> * FIX: Fixed ability to quit Mail/Phone when using firmware >= 3.1.
> * MOD: Active tab:
>    * Replaced swipe-to-quit behavior with always-visible quit button.
>    * Quitting the current app will no longer close Kirikae.
>    * SpringBoard is now always shown at the top in "Home Screen" section.
>    * Renamed current/other applications to foreground/background applications.
>    * "Foreground Application" section is only shown if not SpringBoard.
>    * "Background Applications" section is now sorted by most-to-least recent usage.

- - -

> # Version svn.r105
> - - -
> * Added: Spotlight tab; can now access Spotlight from any application.
> * Added: Can now configure which tabs will be shown (via preferences).
> * Other: Slightly improved icon.
>   * Note: The arrows used in the icon image are from Gnome (Gnome-view-refresh.svg).

- - -

> # Version svn.r95
> - - -
> * Added: Can select which tab to start with: Active, Favorites, or Last-used.
> * Changed: With "power hold" control method, pressing power button now dismisses Kirikae.

- - -

> # Version svn.r91
> - - -
> * Fixed: Missing/uninstalled items no longer show as an error in the favorites list.

- - -

> # Version svn.r86
> - - -
> * Fixed: Default double-tap method did not work on lock screen.
> * Fixed: Double-tap invocation failed if "Double-click the Home Button for:" was set to "Home" (in Settings.app).
> * Fixed: Kirikae did not hide on double-tap (when invocation method was not double-tap).
> * Fixed: Ensure that hold button timer is reset in icon-editing mode.

- - -

> # Version svn.r81
> - - -
> * Can now invoke using home single/double-tap and home/power hold.
> * Slightly decreased size of cells/icons.
> * Fixed: unable to quit current application if
    previously backgrounded.
> * Fixed: Allow Categories folders in favorites

- - -

> # Version svn.r49
> - - -
> * Fixed: favoriting multi-role apps (e.g. Camera, iPod) caused SpringBoard to crash.
> * Fixed: "Quit" table cell text was appearing in other apps.
> * Fixed: badge icons were not being displayed.

- - -

> # Version svn.r43
> - - -
> * Added ability to launch applications (favorites)

- - -

> # Version svn.r20
> - - -
> * Initial release
